Docs for VideoEncoder.isConfigSupported() (#17052)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/videoencoder/isconfigsupported/index.md

---
title: VideoEncoder.isConfigSupported()
slug: Web/API/VideoEncoder/isConfigSupported
page-type: web-api-static-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - isConfigSupported
  - VideoEncoder
browser-compat: api.VideoEncoder.isConfigSupported
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}}

> The **`isConfigSupported()`** static method of the {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} interface checks if the given config is supported (that is, if {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} objects can be successfully configured with the given config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`isConfigSupported()`** static method of the {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} interface checks if the given config is supported (that is, if {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} objects can be successfully configured with the given config).
```

## Syntax

```js
isConfigSupported(config)
```

### Parameters

- `config`

>   - : The dictionary object accepted by {{jsxref("VideoEncoder.configure")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The dictionary object accepted by the {{domxref("VideoEncoder.configure")}}
```

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with an object containing the following members:
  - `supported`{{Optional_Inline}}

>     - : A Boolean value which is `true` if the given config is supported by the encoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - : A boolean value which is `true` if the given config is supported by the encoder.
```

  - `config`{{Optional_Inline}}

>     - : A copy of the given config with all the field recognized by the encoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - : A copy of the given config with all the fields recognized by the encoder.
```

>     - : An copy of the given config with all the field recognized by the encoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - : A copy of the given config with all the field recognized by the encoder.
```

### Exceptions

- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}

>   - : Thrown if the provided `config` is invalid, i.e. doesn't have required
>   values (such as an empty `codec` filed) or has invalid values (such as a
>   negative `width`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the provided `config` is invalid; that is, if doesn't have required
  values (such as an empty `codec` field) or has invalid values (such as a
  negative `width`)
```

---
title: VideoEncoder.isConfigSupported()
slug: Web/API/VideoEncoder/isConfigSupported
page-type: web-api-static-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - isConfigSupported
  - VideoEncoder
browser-compat: api.VideoEncoder.isConfigSupported
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}}

> The **`isConfigSupported()`** static method of the {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} interface that checks if the given config is supported.
> 
> That is, if it can successfully configure {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} objects with this the same config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`isConfigSupported()`** static method of the {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} interface checks if the given config is supported (that is, if {{domxref("VideoEncoder")}} objects can be successfully configured with the given config.
```
